The Author, Prof Dr-Ing Werner Gitt: He was born in Raineck/East Prussia in 1937. In 1963 he enrolled at the “Technische Hochschule Hannover” (Technical University of Hanover/Germany) and in 1968 he completed his studies as “Diplom-Ingenieur”. Thereafter he worked as assistant at the Institute of Control Engineering at the “Technische Hochschule Aachen”. Following two years of research work, he received his doctorate in Engineering summa cum laude together with the prestigious “Borchers Medal” of the Technical University of Aachen. In 1971 Werner Gitt started his career at the German Federal Institute of Physics and Technology (Physikalisch-Technische Bundesanstalt “PTB”), Brunswick, as Head of Data Processing. In 1978 he was promoted to Director and Professor at the PTB. He has written numerous scientific papers in the field of information science, as well as many others concerned with numerical mathematics and control engineering. Besides his scientific publications he is well known as author of several popular books, some of which have been translated into Bulgarian, Czech, English, Finnish, French, Hungarian, Italian, Polish, Russian. In 1966 Werner Gitt married his wife Marion. They have two children, Carsten
and Rona.

The present situation and readership: The theory of evolution is currently so widely established that it could be described as the all-inclusive and even the only philosophy of the twentieth century. The idea of self-organisation from the simple to the more complex, has been commonly appropriated – even in disciplines foreign to biological evolution. The development of computers is often falsely referred to as the
“evolution of computers”, even though the current high-performance computers are the result of intensive research by many brilliant minds. They have been planned, constructed and produced on purpose and are clearly not the result of an evolutionary process. Theology, too, was affected; evolutionary ideas have even been carried into biblical exegesis. We will show below why evolutionistic thought is completely foreign to the Bible. This book is aimed predominantly at Christian readers who might be inclined to accept some version of theistic evolution. Over and above that, the book is set out in such a way that sceptical readers may also be guided to some decision.
2. Modus operandi: The basic assumptions of science are discussed in a separate chapter. This should enable the
reader to recognise which basic assumptions he automatically accepts when he decides for or against creation or evolution.
Use of the term “the T HEORY of evolution” is intentionally avoided, because, according to the standards of science theory, evolution is a philosophical doctrine, and not a scientific theory. For the same reason we do. 7 not refer to creation theory, but to the biblical doctrine
of creation. Creation research concerns itself with deducing models from physical reality, which are based on fundamental biblical statements. A total of twenty objections (OB1 to OB20) against theistic evolution is discussed in this book. In addition to valid criticisms of evolution, the alternative, creation, is increasingly expounded more clearly in recent literature, such as [B4, E2, G3, G5, G7, G8, G10, G11, J2, S3, S4, S5]. This book also refers repeatedly to this very sustainable alternative.
As far as possible, the objections are discussed along the following lines:
1. The dictates of evolution
2. Scientific objections against these dictums
3. Biblical refutations of evolutionary assumptions
The author is an information scientist, but the discussions on information concepts in Chapter 6 should be readily understood by the layman. In the last chapter scientific and biblical objections against evolution culminate in the exposition of ten dangers inherent in theistic evolution. Many quotations expose the anti-biblical nature of such a viewpoint. 3. Acknowledgments: The original manuscript was scruti-
nised by Prof Dr Horst W Beck, Dr Reinhard Junker and Dr Jan Kaminski. I am very grateful for all their suggestions and additions.
I am grateful to Prof Jaap Kies who was able to devote his valuable time to the translation of this book. A special note of appreciation is due to Marianne Rothe who edited the translation.

Science theory concerns itself with the possibilities and the limits of scientific knowledge. The basic assumptions of a theory are discussed, applicable methods for increasing man’s knowledge are explained, and, eventually, the validity of scientific pronouncements is reviewed and evaluated. Some basic principles (P1 – P11) are enunciated below.
